Hi, I'm a lady, welcome to the
video tips from elena galdós you know
that for only 10 euros for 10 minutes
can you talk to me by dialing 91 8
38 80 28 today I come with a ritual to
attract a specific amount of money
It is important to know that Monday is the
day of the week dedicated to the moon and
consequently the things of home and
of the woman for this reason all recipe
magic related to attracting money
necessary to our life must be elaborated
one day Monday if it is from a growing and
full moon much better because it is something
that we want it to enter according to a
Ukrainian tradition should not be lent
neither culinary condiments nor money in
one day Monday as it would lead to losses
or expenses at home in some regions
of Latin America saves money in a
wooden box in a secret place and
every Monday tickets are changed
that are in the box for new ones from
this way there is movement of money
and we facilitate the entry of income
according to some cultures you should eat
lentils on Mondays to conserve
good fortune of the family in some
regions usually give away on Mondays
a ticket of small value which must
be kept in the wallet to attract
the money if at any given time
you need to attract a quantity to your life
of specific money can make this
spell I assure you it is infallible
necessary objects a green candle or
golden paper and green pen incenses
of cinnamon cloves and nutmeg and a
container where you can leave something
hot light the incense so that
its aroma penetrates you and makes you
entering a relaxed state turns on the
candle candles with matches always
villas and then write in the center of
paper the amount you need and
start making concentric circles
around the written figure makes
slowly relaxed you will begin to notice that
you will enter a hypnotic state
you will begin to recite the following
words
the money for this project I need
this is the amount and to me without delay
will come repeat the prayer seven times
while you make the circles when
you end up folding the paper and burning it with
the flame of the candle leaves the paper
consume in the container that you have put
For this end
once turned into ash throw it at
air through the window or the door
from your house saying these words the
sacred wind carries my message and the
money to me has come thank you because this
wish has been made approximately in
one week
you should get the results if it is not
so you have to repeat once
week until the money reaches you
good magic takes time and perseverance
well this is all for today you know that
You can find many videos tips
how to extend galdós dotcom I leave you
the nations in the description of the video
and remember if you want to talk to me
directly for only 10 euros the 10
minutes you can do it by dialing 91 8
38 80 28
a kiss and see you tomorrow